Your Majesty shouldn't be like this
If the emperor invades from a large scale
Chickens and ducks eat yellow worms
No capable minister has proposed it for hundreds of years
Your Majesty, what Prime Minister Xu said is not without reason
But the reason is that the minister also said
This group of chrysanthemum yellow worms and the single chrysanthemum yellow worms are two concepts
Once the yellow disaster breaks out
Not only do you not eat chicken
They don't even eat birds.
Even if you are hungry
I also eat very little
But this yellow worm larva is different
This is a godsend for chickens and ducks
Therefore, this yellow disaster can only be prevented
Once overwhelmed
There are very few ways to deal with it
Says His Majesty the Lamb
Taiyi is not thinking
Living alone is not poisonous
Social life is toxic
Isn't this unreasonable?
Your Majesty has never heard of this law
You should be careful.
minister willing
I guarantee my father's life
Everything I say is true
Okay, I'll bet once
Using Huo Wuyuan's method of groom lamb
Biological control give it a try
All consequences
I am the master of big money
I shall bear it alone
But -- but there's one more catch.
Guanzhong hell is vast
Except for the place played by Liu Jun
There should be a lot of desolation in other places as well
There are no squeezes in these places.
What should be done?
It's not hard. Locusts are heat-resistant and dry.
Their favorite spawning ground is dry
Hard river beach
Well of course it's better to have a little moisture
When the earth is dry
When some lakes and rivers began to dry up
Then this is the paradise of yellow worms
Focus on these places
Offer a reward for the people to catch first
Then crush it with an army of chickens and ducks
Guanzhong's danger is solvable